Fixup data deletion tutorial docs (#14283)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/tutorial-delete-data.md

This tutorial demonstrates how to delete existing data.

For this tutorial, we'll assume you've already downloaded Apache Druid as described in
the [single-machine quickstart](index.md) and have it running on your local machine. In addition,

> we'll assume you've [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/) installed in your machine.

Reviewer: Suggested rephrasing:

```
This tutorial requires the following:
* A running Apache Druid instance. If you don't have Druid, see the [single-machine quickstart](index.md) to get started.
* The command-line JSON processor, [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/).
```

> Let's disable some segments by their segmentID. This will again mark the segments as "unused", but not remove them from deep storage. You can see the full segmentID for a segment from UI as explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's disable some segments by their segmentID. This will again mark the segments as "unused", but not remove them from deep storage. You can see the full segmentID for a segment using the web console.
```

In the [segments view](http://localhost:8888/unified-console.html#segments), click one of the segment rows to open the segment metadata dialog:

![Segments_2](../assets/tutorial-deletion-02.png "Segments 2")

> The `identifier` in the metadata dialog shows the full segment ID, e.g. `deletion-tutorial_2015-09-12T23:00:00.000Z_2015-09-13T00:00:00.000Z_2023-05-16T00:04:12.091Z` for the segment of hour 23.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `identifier` field in the metadata dialog shows the full segment ID. For example, the hour 23 segment has segment ID `deletion-tutorial_2015-09-12T23:00:00.000Z_2015-09-13T00:00:00.000Z_2023-05-16T00:04:12.091Z`.
```

The top of the info box shows the full segment ID, e.g. `deletion-tutorial_2015-09-12T14:00:00.000Z_2015-09-12T15:00:00.000Z_2019-02-28T01:11:51.606Z` for the segment of hour 14.

Let's disable the last two segments, hour 22 and 23 segments, by sending a POST request to the Coordinator with this payload:
```bash

> unusedSegmentIds=$(curl -X 'GET' -H 'Content-Type:application/json' http://localhost:8081/druid/coordinator/v1/datasources/deletion-tutorial/segments | jq '.[-2:]')

Reviewer: Since these are two separate commands, we should include them separately. Could introduce it with something like the following:
>Disable the last two segments, hour 22 and 23 segments, by sending a POST request to the Coordinator with the corresponding segment IDs.
>The following command queries the Coordinator for segment IDs and uses `jq` to parse and extract the IDs of the last two segments. The segment IDs are stored in an environment variable named `unusedSegmentIds`.
> [code block with cmd]
>
>The following POST request marks the segments unused:

Reviewer: We should also list at the top of the doc that jq is a prerequisite

curl -X 'POST' -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -d @quickstart/tutorial/deletion-kill.json http://localhost:8081/druid/indexer/v1/task
```

> Once this task is finished, you will observe that the disabled segments, specifically segments for hours 18, 19, 22, and 23 have been successfully deleted from deep storage.

Reviewer: The segments for hours 22-23 have been mentioned a few times already, but where did the segments for hours 18-19 get disabled?
```suggestion
When the task finishes, note that Druid deleted the disabled segments from deep storage.
```
